Looks like this was planned
Bei Qīng,
help me with something
Xiao Yuan
Now you know
what kind of person Zhang Wen Xu is?
Li Xiao Yuan,
what do you mean?
What do I mean?
You’re such a slut
I know everything
What do you know?
I know everything you’ve done
Aren’t you just after money?
I’ll handle Wen Xu's problem for him
Here’s 80 million (*)
(*) ~ 280 billion VND
As long as you sign the divorce papers
and agree to give up
Jian An Group
This 80 million will be transferred to you
Consider it saving face for Wen Xu
80 million
Only 80 million?
Li Xiao Yuan, let me tell you
Jian An Real Estate is my parents' hard work
I will never let it
fall into that scumbag Zhang Wen Xu's hands
Don’t be ungrateful
Whether you want it or not, you will sign this agreement
Li Xiao Yuan
Why are you so stupid?
How can you trust
the nonsense of that scumbag Zhang Wen Xu?
Let me tell you
I will never sign this agreement
A gold-digger like you
What else can't you do?
Is that what Zhang Wen Xu told you?
Yes,
did he say something wrong?
Can you say you have no other motives
being with my brother?
Aren’t you just after my brother's money?
I’ve already given you the money
What else are you not satisfied with?
This is just ridiculous
What’s so ridiculous?
Li Xiao Yuan,
do you know?
When I look at you now
it’s like seeing my former self
Back then, that person
who was arrogant, the heiress of Jian An Group
If you keep trusting Zhang Wen Xu
you’ll end up worse than me
You’ll regret it